so Mike Monroe from the Buckeye
superstore in Shelby Ohio today I'm
gonna be doing a walkthrough on the 2008
kia sedona under the hood you got a 3.8
liter v6 motor with 250 pounds 253
foot-pounds of torque 250 horsepower
easily accessible common things you'd
use washer solvent the coolant your
power steering fluid your engine oil
transmission dipstick as well here and
in the back you've got your brake fluid
battery easily accessible right in the
front air filter right beneath the
shroud here can also if you change your
own oil the oil filter is right on the
top underneath this which can be taken
off with four screws for easy
accessibility 16 inch tires for maximum
comfort and control while driving on the
highway on a trip it's got the breakaway
folding mirrors if you're dangerous and
driving into your own garage and as a
base with all the standard amenities
you've got your power windows power
locks power mirrors your remote fuel
door for just secured security of and
peace of mind that someone's not gonna
steal your gas as you look inside you've
got cruise control all operated right
here on the steering wheel intermittent
wipers you've got dual climate control
front and rear the passenger's got his
own over in the passenger side as well
am/fm CD radio you've got the up Sports
Matic transmission here you can actually
drive this has a standard shift - the
clutch if you're interested in a little
fun you've got a console that folds down
between the seats here with cupholders
in it it also does extend back to the
rear passengers as well ashtray so this
does come with the smokers group easily
removable to clean
you also have a 12-volt 12-volt outlet
here right beside the cigarette lighter
for cellphone chargers and mp3 players
you may plug in plenty of cup holders in
this thing there's two more in here and
underneath the shifter you also have a
place to put CDs got silt steering
on this particular model if you look at
the window sticker here it is basically
the base model here the things that they
did add is the roof rack and the roof
rails system here on the top for luggage
or whatever you want to throw on top of
sheet of plywood if you had to do some
home products this is one of the safest
minivans out there five star crash test
rating and four of the five major
categories you've got a four star rating
on the rollover that's the only one
that's lower than five stars you've got
full side curtain airbags for all of
your passengers all seven passengers
captain's seats even in the middle here
and these do fold up for easy access to
get into the back they are removable and
as I get in here the back is the seats
actually recline back here for more
added comfort if you're on a road trip
so you can actually get back here
recline the back seats does have
integrated cup holder here as well as a
little compartment for storage and on
this particular model they did add as an
option you've got the overhead DVD
player screen flips down DVD goes in
here you can also play video games with
the auxiliary Jack's that we've got in
the side compartment back here
does also have carpeted floor mats the
wing window does open manually from the
rear you're sitting in the back seat you
like a little bit of a draft you can do
that as you see here huge storage in the
back you go grocery shopping you throw
your groceries in here don't have to
worry about them sliding all over the
car and these are actually stow and go
style seats so you can get rid of them
with a quick and easy fold away method
here pretty much anyone can do them
regardless of age and you gain all kinds
of cargo space in the back included back
here you have another auxilary 12-volt
jack if you have a cooler or an air
compressor you may have to use you've
got the jack to change your tire inside
the side compartment spare tire is
located underneath the vehicle under the
the middle row of katniss chairs
rear windshield wiper standard on the
Sedona LX one thing you'll notice on the
newer minivans their offering is a power
sliding window in the sliding door this
model does have that option standard
we've got matte pockets in the back as
well for storage of maps magazine
reading material what-have-you and in
the passenger seat
you also notice you have the integrated
cupholders in the door panels just like
in the in the middle row you have the
same in the sliding doors the power
window and the door locks operated by
the passenger as well for itself now
you'll notice also with the DVD rear the
rear DVD system they have here a remote
control and two sets of wireless
headphones operated by batteries of
course so you don't have all those extra
wires hanging around in the bag easily
stored in the top glove compartment you
also have a nice large glove compartment
here owner's manuals a couple of
compartments up top as well the vanity
mirrors and inside both of your visors
they are extendable so that way you
cover more area and you'll notice on the
other side then if you could you have a
compartment up there to store your
sunglasses as the driver and also you
know the kids are always acting up
there's a fold down mirror so you don't
have to mess with your rear-view mirror
when you're driving that allows you to
see all passengers in the rear the rear
air is also controlled by the rear
passengers each passenger has his own
air vent my name is Mike Morales to
continue this is will be ending my
walk-around of the 2008 kia sedona LX if
you have any questions
please feel free to call me 4 1 9 5 2 2
5 2 2 2 or 180 bucks 45